Azure Terraform Config and README updates (#5)
sourcegraph/tf-k8s-configs: README.md

## Deploy a Kubernetes Cluster with Terraform
This repository provides examples of provisioning Kubernetes clusters on major cloud providers using Terraform. These should be treated as illustrative examples, not production-ready infrastructure configuration.

### Get Started
- Install [terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/downloads)
- `cd` into the directory corresponding to your cloud provider (AWS, GCP, or Azure)

> - Follow the instructions in the corresponding README

Reviewer: Replace these 2 bullets with one: "`cd` into the directory corresponding to your cloud provider (`aws`, `gcp`, or `azure`) and follow the instructions in the README in that directory."

Author: Pushed this exact change to main.

- Monitor the Terraform output and wait for your cluster to deploy

> That's it. Next up, [deploy Sourcegraph](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/deploy/kubernetes).

Reviewer: ```suggest
Next, [deploy Sourcegraph](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/deploy/kubernetes) onto the cluster you just provisioned.
```

Replace market-y, colloquial language with matter-of-fact doc-style language.

Author: Pushed this exact change to main.

## Deploy a Kubernetes Cluster with Terraform

> These Terraform configurations deploy Kubernetes clusters on AWS (EKS), GCP (GKE), and Azure (AKS) with ease. Just specify a few variables and watch your cluster come to life!

Reviewer: Write in a more matter of fact, documentation-style tone

> These Terraform configurations automate the provisioning of Kubernetes clusters on AWS (EKS), GCP (GKE), or Azure (AKS). With a few variable inputs, you can launch a fully managed Kubernetes cluster on the cloud provider of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository provides examples of provisioning Kubernetes clusters on major cloud providers using Terraform. These should be treated as illustrative examples, not production-ready infrastructure configuration.
```

### Get Started
- Install [terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/downloads)

> - Pick your cloud provider: AWS, GCP, or Azure
> - Navigate to the corresponding directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cd` into the directory corresponding to your cloud provider (AWS, GCP, or Azure)
```
